docs: Native routing Masquerading in the cloud (#39343)
cilium-team/cilium: Documentation/network/concepts/masquerading.rst

  10.0.0.0/8`` (or ``ipv6-native-routing-cidr: fd00::/100`` for IPv6 addresses)
  in which case all destinations within that CIDR will **not** be masqueraded.

> .. note::
> 

Reviewer: Please drop the `.. note::`. This entire document is already about the configuration and behavior of the masquerade feature, so it's better to just describe the behavior in a consistent format. See the [docs style](https://docs.cilium.io/en/stable/contributing/docs/docsstyle/#callouts) for more details.

```suggestion
Masquerade behavior in cloud environments

```

Author: It was my first version where I didn't put it in notes and I found configuration section talking about something you can configure Setting the routable CIDR or Setting the masquerading interface. My description is more like the note in the cloud environment than something you can configure.

Reviewer: One of the most common patterns I see with contributors editing the docs is that we tend to fixate on the problem we're trying to solve. This makes it natural to highlight the new information with a `.. note::` callout. The problem is, every single contributor that edits the docs thinks the exact same thing, and usually does not take into account all of the other information communicated on the page. The result is that every piece of information is highlighted in some box with fancy coloring which attempts to steal the user's attention, regardless of whether the information is important to the user at that time they read it or not. This can even hide other more important information because the user is distracted by the formatting. My feedback is: Avoid callouts in general. This is consistent with the established docs style per the link that I shared.

  In the public cloud environment, if you don't configure ``ipv4-native-routing-cidr``, 
  Cilium will automatically detect the VPC CIDR range as the native routing range. 

>   It then generates rules to skip masquerading for traffic within this range. 
>   This is because pods can receive any IP address within the VPC CIDR. 

Reviewer: Please use specific language - avoid "it" ([docs style ref](https://docs.cilium.io/en/stable/contributing/docs/docsstyle/#specific-language)). 

There is also extraneous information in the sentence that I don't think is necessary for the user to understand the behavior. Specifically the part about generating rules. The last sentence here also makes a reference to IPAM, but I think we can provide a simpler explanation.

Here's a suggested alternative, but feel free to adapt it:

```suggestion
  Cilium does not masquerade the source address for traffic that is natively
  routable in the network, because it is possible for the endpoints to
  communicate directly without NAT.
```

  As a result, if masquerading is enabled, traffic from pods to other 

>   non-cluster resources within the same VPC (e.g., virtual machines) will perform 
>   native routing instead of being masqueraded.

Reviewer: nit: The use of the term "native routing" doesn't quite match the typical usage in the Cilium project ([docs](https://docs.cilium.io/en/stable/network/concepts/routing/#native-routing)).

The term _native routing_ implies a few things:
1. Native routing is routing, as in picking a destination for packets and moving them towards the destination.
2. The 'native' aspect implies the network underneath Cilium, which may be a physical network or commonly may also be a virtual network, such as the SDN provided by the cloud provider.
3. When you configure native routing in Cilium, this means that Cilium does not have to create a virtual overlay network on top in order to provide routability for the Endpoint IP ranges. As such, we typically contrast native routing vs. overlay routing via a tunnel.
4. When you configure the 'native routing CIDR', this implies that the underlying network understands how to ensure that traffic towards those addresses can reach the intended destination.

Cilium's masquerade feature builds on the knowledge of (4) to recognize that any natively routable IPs by definition do not need NAT in order to ensure bidirectional connectivity. This allows Cilium to then disable NAT for the IP prefix, which is desirable because it's simpler and it's faster.

```suggestion
  non-cluster resources within the same VPC (e.g., virtual machines) will be 
  routed directly without masquerading the source IP address.
```
